we spent a lot of time on this channel
ripping on religion for good reason but
there are a lot of things that churches
actually do really well and we could
learn a lesson from that churches know
how to handle fear there are so many
things in our life that we all dread
whether it's the death of a loved one
whether it's our own impending death
what if we lose a job or just have a
loved one who's very sick I mean
churches know that you are upset and you
are scared a lot of the time and they
know exactly what they have to do to
help you out in those stressful
situations so how do we as atheists
respond to those same situations as
atheists we don't want to rely on false
hope which is a lot of what religion
offers we don't want to rely on that we
want something tangible and immediate
and that means we got to provide
resources for people who are dealing
with those tough times I gotta say right
now there really aren't that many ways
the ways to learn about how to deal with
those difficult situations if you're an
atheist they're starting to appear
there's a great website called grief
beyond belief gorg that helps people
deal with the death of a loved one
that's a fantastic resource but we need
more of that we need people who have
been through some really traumatic times
who are willing to put themselves out
there and say look I've been through
this I went through a breakup I lost a
child and let me tell you what it was
like for me and let me tell you how I
got through it helped the people who
were gonna be dealing with the same
problems after you've already gone
through them Christians know how to do
that they have been doing that for so
many decades now and they've mastered it
we got a follow suit we got to help
people deal with the worst moments of
their life I'm not saying we should copy
the church there believe me there are
lots of things we don't want to do just
like them but we also have the luxury of
knowing what they do that we really hate
and we can avoid all that we can learn a
lot from Christian churches from what
they do well about how to get our own
message across and maybe if we you know
followed some of these pastors we can
actually do ourselves a favor my name is
hemant mehta and i write at
friendlyatheist.com please leave a
comment below and we will be sure to
check it out